- [Instructor] Starting WildFly in domain mode
we'll type bin domain SH and hit enter.
The logs will show a server one and a server two.
And everything is started, 79 of 81 services.
In our browser, going to a new incognito window,
we'll type HTTP 127 zero zero one 99 90.
We'll hit enter.
From there we're going to navigate to the deployment
section and this should look different
from the standalone mode.
We have this nice little picture diagram
that indicates we will deploy to a server group
instead of an individual server.
So on the left we're going to click on the groups link.
You'll notice that currently there are two
different server groups created by default in domain mode.
For our purposes, we'll go ahead and use
the main server group.
Clicking on this, we see it has no deployments currently.
So let's deploy a DB driver.
Click on the plus symbol, upload new deployment, click here.
Again, we're going to go to our downloads,
select the my SQL driver, click okay,
and then next, and finish.
Then we'll click close.
We didn't enable the driver yet, so click enable
and it should give you a success message.
So next we need to create a data source.
Going to click on the configurations tab
and then click on profiles, and then click full
because the server group that we had
was in full mode, then the data sources
and drivers, and then drivers.
And you will notice that our my SQL database
driver is listed.
Okay, so now we need to click on the data source
and then click on the plus icon, add data source.
We'll select my SQL, next, change the name
to H plus DS for data source.
We'll add in J boss data sources and we'll change
the name of the data source specifically
to H plus underscore DS.
We'll click next.
We'll select our driver.
Click next.
Change the database name.
We'll change the user name.
And we'll change the password.
And we'll click next.
At this point if you've done everything correctly
we'll click test connection and we should get
a success message.
And then finish.
You can click view on the data source if you want.
To validate our data sources shared to a cluster
of servers, let's click on the runtime.
So we're going to click on server groups,
main group, and server one.
And we can see that server one needs to be reloaded.
We can do that by clicking the dropdown and reload.
Click yes.
Same thing for server two, reload and yes.
If we click on server one and drill down
to data sources, we see our data source as well
and a way to test it.
Click on server two, data sources, data source.
We can test our data source as well.
So we have successfully deployed a data source to a cluster.